Improve grammar and clarity in markdown instructions. (#3492)
OWASP/mastg: .github/instructions/mastg-test.instructions.md

#### weakness

> The MASWE weakness ID that the test references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test references the MASWE weakness ID.
```

Author: I think it's somewhat more confusing that way, as "references" could be either a verb or a noun in the plural form. How about the following
```suggestion
The MASWE weakness ID associated with this test.
```
